Mojang keeps fixing bugs that no one
asked them to fix, and it's terrible.
First, a few months ago, Mojang released
a snapshot, and in it, they fixed a bug
that has been in the game for so long
that no one even knew it was a bug, and
everyone just assumed it was a feature.
Normally, when you sneak, if you open a
gooey, it unsneaks you. But if you
turned on toggle sneak, you were able to
stay sneaked while in inventories. This
was super useful for building traps and
secret bases since unsneaking would show
everyone your name tag and give away
your location. But apparently, this was
a bug. And so even though removing this
bug wouldn't improve the game in any
way. And over 4,000 people petitioned
for Mojang to not make this change, they
made it anyway. And there's no easy
workaround. Like forcing yourself to
shift by being under a slab still shows
your name. So you need invisibility
potions all the time. But it gets worse
because I just found out that Mojang
made a change that makes flying with an
elytra way worse. You know how fun it is
to fly through the Nether dodging trees?
Well, it's ruined now because you used
to fly right through vines, but now
hitting any climbable block instantly
stops you from flying and can make you
fall to your